Document Callable Bonds (#216)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.7.0/docs/daml-finance/tutorials/instrument-modeling/bond-extension.rst

for the coupon payment at the end of that period.

Callable
========

:ref:`Callable bonds <module-daml-finance-instrument-bond-floatingrate-instrument-98586>` can be
early redeemed by the issuer before maturity. Both fixed and floating rate coupons are supported.
In case of a floating rate + coupon spread, a fixed rate coupon can be used to represent the spread.

Here is an example of a bond paying Libor 3M + 0.1% p.a. with a 3M coupon period:

.. literalinclude:: ../../src/test/daml/Daml/Finance/Instrument/Bond/Test/Callable.daml
  :language: daml
  :start-after: -- CREATE_3M_FLOATING_CALLABLE_BOND_VARIABLES_BEGIN
  :end-before: -- CREATE_3M_FLOATING_CALLABLE_BOND_VARIABLES_END

Using these terms we can create the callable bond instrument:

.. literalinclude:: ../../src/test/daml/Daml/Finance/Instrument/Bond/Test/Util.daml
  :language: daml
  :start-after: -- CREATE_CALLABLE_BOND_INSTRUMENT_BEGIN
  :end-before: -- CREATE_CALLABLE_BOND_INSTRUMENT_END

Unlike regular fixed and floating bonds, which are lifecycled based on the passage of time, this
callable bond instrument contains an embedded option which is not automatically exercised. Instead,

> the issuer must manually decide whether or not to call the bond. This is done by making an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the custodian of the bond holding must manually decide whether or not to call the bond. This is done by making an
```
